**/Overall Rating/: accept (2)

**Technical content and scientific rigour:
    1. Scientific merit:
        This paper, as a summary and overview of other papers, seems very accurate and scientific
rigour. This speaks for the qualitiy of the papers mentioned as well as your ability to summerize
them.
    2. Clarity of expression: The readability suffers at some points due to long sentences and
subsentences, otherwise the ideas are well communicated. Discussion falls a bit short, as the papers
and your summary are more descriptive rather than evaluating, which is not a problem in the context
of your paper (except the conclusion)
    3. The referencing is well done. I never felt like I didnt know where a piece of information
came from. The discussion, as stated in 2., fell a bit short

**Quality of presentation:
    1. Titel: The title could include your goal to give an overview over other paper
    2. Abstract: While it is a bit short, it gives a good expectation of your content
    3. Motivation: The motivation in your introduction is well done. I clearly understood why this
topic is important and what the goal of you paper is
    4. Repetition: The paper is not very repetitive. The studies often deal with similar content,
but differ enough to not feel repetitive
    5. Length: The length is justified. At some points you could omit statistics and jump right to
the result. You also could omit one study that is very similar to another
    6. Figures: The figures are well chosen and dont feel disturbing to the reader
    7. Text: As mentioned in 5., you can omit e.g. the first part after the listing in 2.2. and talk
right away about resulting notification preferences. Another point is the frequent and confusing use
of "the" before smartphone and smartwatch in 2.7.
    8. Conclusion: The conclusion sums up the main results of the evaluated studies, but falls short
of stating why it is interesting and useful (especially the framework part)

**/Contrubution/:
Your work provides a great overview of notification preferences and frameworks that try to meet
them.

**/Strengths/:
The papers you have chosen to mention seem well done and your summaries highlight the most important
aspects. I like the seperation into study types. The quotation is well done and I had no problem
with telling where a piece of information came from. The order of the papers you mention is good.
The steps from general multi-notification environments to user preferences make it easy to follow
your writing.

**/Weaknesses/:
As stated before, you could give an opinion on the frameworks in your conclusion. This would round
up the paper and brings in your own contribution to the topic. Your short abstract could be expanded
by mentioning consideration of dynamic user preferences and the frameworks.



